as the top model in the ca series the ca
95 offers not only outstanding sonic
characteristics and unparalleled
playability but also a range of advanced
new technologies
with meticulous attention to detail
kar-wai has produced a digitized library
of its world-class PX concert ground and
with the help of the new harmonic
imaging XL technology created a
sumptuous digital instrument with 256
voice polyphony
in addition to a range of classic pianos
and the new upright the ca 95 also
offers electric pianos organs Chen
bellows a vibraphone marimba squires
strings and even based on guitar sounds
you
one of the special features of the ca 95
is the soundboard speaker system which
makes additional bass speakers
unnecessary the system produces a
wonderfully natural sound within any
given acoustic environment accurately
mimicking the sound production
characteristics of acoustic instruments
the soundboard transducer has been
provided with an additional 45 watts
meaning a lot of sonic power under the
hood if needed another attractive
feature of the ca 95 is the
comprehensive drum section the functions
on offer here go beyond merely allowing
you to play along to a drum track this
rhythm section is versatile enough to
form the basis of your own musical
compositions the to track recorder can
record and playback up to 10 songs if
more storage space is required just add
a USB memory device the CA 95 can save
and playback wav and mp3 files given you
plenty of options when working with
audio
but let's go back to the sound quality
for a moment the ca 95 provides access
to the most nuanced settings for example
the sensitivity of the keyboard the
voice characteristics and even a variety
of tuning options even string resonances
are representing technology it's just as
though you were directing a trained
expert to set up your ideal piano for
you car why has named this expert
virtual technician yet the ca 95 really
comes into its own when you sit down to
play another outstanding feature is the
Grand feel keyboard with real word for
each of the 88 extra-long keys and
hammers that do exactly what they would
on an acoustic piano and let's not
forget the ivory touch key surfaces that
absorb moisture the ca 95 even includes
real hammers that strike a virtual
string and the instruments body car why
have left no stone unturned in the quest
to offer the perfect simulation of a
world-class acoustic Grand such as the
car ye X to support teaching and
training the ca 95 features a lesson
function a number of classic and
well-known pieces are provided as well
as 400 pages of printed sheet music the
forehand mode splits the keyboard into
two equal sections ideal for teacher and
learner situations
rounding off the impressive feature set
let's go back to the sound options one
last time on top of the over eighty
first class instruments on board car why
have also included an effect section to
allow you to achieve your own personal
sound using reverbs delays chorus
tremolo rotary and of course the amp
simulator and its physical modeling
technology
the car YCA 95 is available in two
premium wood finishes and has been
crafted not only to sound exquisite but
also to look stunning beat in the living
room at home or in larger rooms amazing
sound quality stunningly fluid an
authentic playability combined with
useful ergonomic features the ca 95
represents kar-wai at its acclaimed best
it's a world-class instrument with the
potential to inspire you for many years
to come
I
you